Ripped Van Winkle and the legend of Sleepy Hollow by Washington Irving, copyright, black
cat publishing.
About the author.
Name.
Washington Irving, the father of American literature.
Born.
In New York City.
When?
April 3, 1783.
First book.
Knickerbacher's history of New York, 1809.
Most famous stories.
Ripped Van Winkle and the legend of Sleepy Hollow, 1819.
Travels.
England, Italy, Spain, France.
Died.
1859.
Ripped Van Winkle, chapter one.
The Van Winkle family.
The Catskill Mountains are west of the Hudson River in the British colony of New York.
The colors of these beautiful mountains change with the seasons.
There are many legends and stories about them.
The year is 1765.
Ripped Van Winkle lives in a village at the foot of the Catskill Mountains.
The village is of Dutch origin.
Ripped lives an old, ugly house.
He is a simple, kind man.
Everyone in the village loves him because he is friendly and helpful.
He plays with the children and makes things for them.
Ripped's wife is very harsh with him.
She nags him all the time.
However, he is patient and obedient.
He never gets angry at his wife.
He simply keeps away from her.
Ripped has only one bad point.
He doesn't like working.
He only does the things he likes.
He sits on a rock and fishes all day.
He walks in the forest and hunts animals.
He builds fences for his friends.
He helps the women in their homes and gardens.
He does everyone's work, but not his own.
His farm is the worst in the village.
He never looks after his land, his garden, or his house.
His fences are broken.
His cow eats the vegetables in his garden.
His children's clothes are old and dirty.
Mrs. Van Winkle nags him about his laziness.
Poor Ripped never says anything.
He has a dog called Wolf.
Mrs. Van Winkle doesn't like Wolf and Wolf.
Doesn't like her.
She often throws things at the poor animal.
Ripped often goes to the village inn.
It is called King George III in honor of the British king.
There is a picture of King George outside the inn.
The men of the village sit outside the inn during the summer.
They talk and drink.
They listen carefully to the school teacher, Derek Van Brummel.
He is an educated man and uses long words.
Nicholas Vetter is the innkeeper.
He sits outside the inn from morning until night.
Ripped likes going to the inn and talking to his friends.
He's happy there.
But Mrs. Van Winkle doesn't like the inn or his friends.
This is a place for lazy men, she says.
You must never go there again, Ripped.
Page 16, exercise two.
Listen to the following conversation twice.
Then tick the correct answer, A, B, or C.
Look at this house.
All the fences are broken.
You are right.
You always build fences for Derek.
He is my best friend.
And I am your wife.
I can build the fences on Tuesday.
No, you must build the fences on Monday.
But I must help my friend Nick.
I must help my friend Nicholas on Monday.
I don't like Nicholas.
He's lazy.
All right.
I can build the fences on Monday.
Then on Wednesday, you must work in the garden.
Yes, of course.
On Thursday, you must go to the market.
What time is the market?
It's at 9.30 a.m. and don't be late.
Chapter 2, a strange afternoon.
One autumn day, Ripped goes up the Catskill Mountains.
After walking for many hours, he feels tired.
He sits on a green hill and looks at the majestic Hudson River.
And as he is looking at the sky, he says,
It's almost evening.
I must go home.
My wife always gets angry when I'm late.
As he's going down the mountain, he hears a voice.
Ripped Van Winkle.
He looks around, but he sees no one.
He hears someone call.
Ripped Van Winkle.
Again.
Then he sees a very strange man.
He is climbing up the hill with something on his back.
Ripped thinks,
Who is this?
No one ever comes here.
Perhaps I can help him.
Ripped walks towards the man and is very surprised.
He sees a short, square old man.
He has long, white hair and a beard.
Ripped thinks,
How bizarre.
He's wearing very old clothes.
They are Dutch clothes of the 1600s.
Who is this man?
The old man is carrying a small barrel on his back.
Ripped helps the man and carries his barrel.
Together they go up the valley.
Ripped can hear the thunder, but he can't see the storm.
Ripped follows the strange man.
He thinks,
Where are we going and why?
Suddenly they walk into a small amphitheater.
It is made of big stones and trees.
There are some strange men there.
They are all wearing Dutch clothes of the 1600s too.
And they all have beards.
There is a captain.
He is wearing a captain's hat.
He is a big, fat, round man.
They are playing nine pins.
The balls sound the same as thunder.
No one is speaking.
The mysterious silence and the cold eyes of the men scare Ripped.
The old man points to the barrel and to the other old men.
These men want to drink.
Ripped thinks.
He serves them and then they continue playing again.
Ripped drinks from the barrel too.
It is very strong.
But Ripped likes it.
He drinks again and again.
Soon he falls asleep.
Chapter 3.
The next morning.
Ripped wakes up the next morning and says,
It's morning.
Then he remembers the old man with the barrel.
The game of nine pins and the old man with the barrel.
The game of nine pins and the strong drink.
My wife will be furious.
What can I tell her?
He looks for his gun and finds an old gun in its place.
He calls his dog but the dog does not come.
Those old men have my gun and my dog.
I must find them.
He gets up and tries to walk.
It's difficult to walk.
My poor legs.
He thinks.
He cannot find the old men or his dog.
He is very hungry and decides to go home.
He starts going down the mountain and when he is near the village he meets some people.
How strange.
I know everyone in the village but I don't know these people.
Their clothes are very different.
Thanks Ripped.
The people look at him in his clothes.
They are surprised and they touch their faces.
Why are they touching their faces?
Ripped thinks.
He has his face and is surprised.
He has a very long beard.
When Ripped arrives at the village the children point at his grey beard and the dogs bark at him.
The village looks different.
It is very big.
There are new houses with new names on the doors.
He sees new faces everywhere.
Everything is changed.
Poor Ripped is very confused.
How is this possible?
This is my village.
I can see the Catskill Mountains and the Hudson River.
But everything is different.
It must be the effect of the strong drink.
Ripped thinks.
He finds his house and goes in.
It is abandoned.
And all the windows are broken and there is no door.
There is nothing in the house anymore.
He calls for his wife and children but they don't answer him.
What is happening? Where is my family?
He thinks.
He goes to the inn.
He sees a big hotel in its place.
Ripped reads the name on the door.
The Union Hotel.
Jonathan do little.
He sees a tall pole in front of the hotel.
On the pole there is a flag.
There are stars and stripes on it.
He goes inside the inn and looks for the picture of King George.
He finds it but it is different.
King George is wearing a blue coat instead of a red one
and he is wearing a hat instead of a crown.
Under the picture Ripped sees the words George Washington.
Chapter 4.
The Spirits of the Catskill Mountains.
There are some people standing near the door of the Union Hotel.
But Ripped does not know anyone.
They are not quiet, slow and sleepy.
They all seem noisy and fast.
They talk quickly in loud voices.
Where are my old friends?
Ripped thinks.
Ripped sees a thin man with many papers in his pockets.
He is talking about political elections, liberty, the war of 76 and Congress.
These new words confuse Ripped.
What is this man saying?
What is Congress?
Is it a town?
What war of 76?
Ripped thinks.
Soon everyone is looking at Ripped's long beard and strange clothes.
The thin man asks him.
Are you a federal or a Democrat?
Ripped does not understand these words.
An old gentleman asks Ripped.
Why do you have a gun?
Do you want to fight?
Oh no, no.
Says Ripped.
I am a poor quiet man and King George is my king.
What King George?
The people cry.
This man is a spy.
He's not an American.
Who is he?
Call the police.
The old gentleman asks.
Why are you here?
I'm looking for my friends, but I can't find them.
Ripped says.
Who are your friends?
asks the old gentleman.
Nicholas Vedder.
Says Ripped.
He's dead.
And Brumm Dutcher.
And Derek Brummel.
Dutcher is dead.
And Brummel is a congressman.
Says the old gentleman.
Ripped is unhappy and confused.
I am alone in a strange world and no one knows me.
Does anyone know Ripped Van Winkle?
He cries.
Oh Ripped Van Winkle.
Cry to people.
Yes.
He's sitting under that tree.
He looks and sees a young man with dirty old clothes.
Is that me?
Then who am I?
asks Ripped.
They look at him and say.
He must be crazy.
Then a young woman carefully looks at Ripped.
Ripped asks.
What is your name?
Judith Gardner.
What is your father's name?
Ripped Van Winkle.
Twenty years ago he went away and he never returned.
She says.
Where is your mother?
Ripped asks.
She is dead.
Ripped embraces his daughter and says.
I'm your father.
I'm Ripped Van Winkle.
I'm old now.
He turns to the crowd and says.
Does anyone remember Ripped Van Winkle?
A very old woman says.
Yes.
This man is Ripped Van Winkle Sr.
I remember him.
Ripped tells his incredible story.
The people of the village can't believe his story is true.
They ask old Peter Vanderdonk.
He is the oldest man in the village.
He knows all the legends and stories of the Catskill Mountains.
Peter Vanderdonk says.
Mysterious things happen in the Catskill Mountains.
There are strange spirits living there.
People say that every twenty years Henry Hudson returns to see his river
and that he and his men play nine pins in those mountains.
It is late and the people of the village go home.
Ripped goes to live with his daughter and her family
and his son visits him every day.
He is very similar to his father.
He does everyone's work but not his own.
Ripped makes some new friends.
Everyone likes him.
He doesn't really understand the American Revolutionary War
or the new nation called the United States of America.
But he is a happy man now.
He sits outside the Union Hotel and tells stories about the past.
He also tells travelers about his twenty year long sleep.
Some people believe him, but some don't.
Page 35, exercise two.
After his long sleep, Ripped wants to know more about the United States.
So he asks his friend, Congressman Derek Rummel.
Listen to the interview between Ripped and Congressman Rummel.
Then tick the correct answer.
Are we still a British colony?
No, we're not. We're free now.
So we're not a colony anymore?
No, we are a new nation.
What is the name of this new nation?
The United States of America.
Who is our king?
There isn't a king. We're a democracy now. We have a president.
A president?
Yes, a president. The people of the United States choose him.
In a democracy, everyone is free and equal.
The people choose their own government representatives.
Really? Can I choose the president too?
Yes, of course. At elections, you can vote for the president of the United States.
Who is the president now?
George Washington is our first president.
George, but that's the same name as our king.
Page 37, the American Revolution.
Interview.
A journalist from the Boston Gazette interviews General George Washington.
Listen to the interview, then tick the correct answer.
Hello, General Washington. What's happening in Boston?
Well, there are 13 American colonies protesting against Great Britain, and I'm their leader.
Why are you protesting?
We don't want to obey British laws, and we don't want to pay taxes to King George.
What do you want?
We want to become an independent nation.
What are you going to do?
We are going to fight the British until we win.
We have muskets, swords, horses, and many courageous men.
We're called Yankees, but not all colonists are Yankees.
Some are redcoats and fight with the British.
What color are your uniforms?
Our uniforms are blue and white.
The British wear red jackets.
On July 4th, my friends and I are going to sign the Declaration of Independence.
What's that?
It's a very important document that says the 13 colonies are free and independent states.
Good luck to you and your men.
Thank you.
Today, Americans still celebrate July 4th, or Independence Day.
It is a national holiday.
The Legend of Sleepy Hollow.
Chapter 1.
The Headless Horseman.
Greensburg is a village on the Hudson River.
Near this village, there is a silent valley called Sleepy Hollow.
It is the quietest place in the world.
The inhabitants are always a bit sleepy there.
Some people say there are bizarre spirits in this valley.
Others say there are strange voices in the air.
The people of Greensburg believe there is a ghost in Sleepy Hollow.
It is the ghost of a headless man on a big horse.
Legend says, it is the ghost of a soldier of the American Revolutionary War.
His body is buried in the cemetery near the church.
Every night he rides his horse and looks for his head.
He rides in the valley near the river, in the forest and on the roads.
He always returns to the cemetery before daylight.
Everyone calls him the headless horseman of Sleepy Hollow.
Chapter 2.
Ichabod Crane.
Ichabod Crane lives in Sleepy Hollow.
He is a school teacher and comes from the state of Connecticut.
He is tall and very thin.
His legs and arms are very long.
His feet are very big.
His head is small with big ears, green eyes and a long nose.
His clothes are always too big for him.
Ichabod is always hungry and loves to eat.
Ichabod is a good but strict teacher.
His school is in the middle of the country.
It has only one big room for all the pupils.
After school, Ichabod plays ball with the older boys and on his free afternoons.
He walks home with some of the younger ones.
He always chooses the boys with pretty sisters, or generous mothers.
Ichabod does not have much money, so every week he lives with a different family.
He eats and sleeps at their house and keeps them company.
When he changes family, he puts all his things in a big handkerchief and carries it with him.
The farmers like him because he helps them with their work and the mothers like him because he plays with the small children.
Ichabod also teaches singing.
On Sundays he is the director of the church choir.
He is very proud of this.
The school teacher is an important person among farmers and their families.
Everyone respects him because he is educated and the women consider him a gentleman.
Ichabod likes gossiping and being the center of attention.
He also likes eating all the good food the women prepare for him.
Ichabod loves reading books.
One of his favorite books is history of New England witchcraft.
Ichabod believes the stories in this book. They are about ghosts and witches.
During the winter Ichabod often visits the old women.
They tell him terrible stories about ghosts, haunted houses, haunted trees, and the headless horsemen.
When he returns home at night the sounds of the forest scare him.
He thinks there are ghosts everywhere, so he sings church songs.
A mighty fortress is our lord.
Ichabod always sings these songs when he is afraid.
Mmmmmm.
Katrina's father has a big home with beautiful furniture.
He also has a fine farm, many animals and lots of good food.
Ichabod likes her father's riches. He also likes Katrina very much and wants to marry her.
Oh, how I like Katrina.
He thinks.
How can I win her heart?
Katrina has many admirers. They often visit the Vontassel house.
Who does Katrina like? No one knows.
One day she is nice to one young man, and the next day she is nice to another.
Brom bones is the hero of sleepy hollow because he is tall, strong, and handsome.
He has broad shoulders. He is a bit rough, but always cheerful.
He is an excellent horseback rider and a courageous fighter.
Everyone likes Brom, but sometimes he is mischievous and plays tricks.
He is Ichabod's big rival.
Brom often visits the Vontassel house and courts Katrina.
When his horse is outside the Vontassel house, other admirers stay away.
Ichabod also visits Katrina often because he is her singing teacher.
He and Katrina sit together under the big tree singing and talking,
or they walk together along the river in the evenings.
Ichabod slowly wins Katrina's heart.
Brom is very angry because he wants to marry beautiful Katrina.
He decides to fight Ichabod, but Ichabod doesn't want to.
Brom is big and strong. I cannot fight him and win.
Ichabod thinks.
Brom tries to make Ichabod angry.
One night he goes into his school and he throws the tables and chairs about.
The next day, Ichabod goes to school and says,
Oh no, this is where the witches meet at night.
Brom is very mischievous and teaches his dog to make terrible noises.
Then he tells Katrina.
Listen to my dog. His singing teacher is Ichabod Crane.
But nothing can make Ichabod fight, so Brom is furious with him.
I must find another way.
Brom thinks.
Page 57, exercise three.
Listen to this dictation twice and fill in the missing words.
Katrina is a beautiful girl.
She lives in a lovely house on a big farm.
Her father has a lot of animals and her mother prepares a lot of good food.
She has many admirers and she is nice to all of them.
Brom often visits Katrina because he likes her very much.
He is a tall, handsome man.
Ichabod is Katrina's singing teacher.
He also visits Katrina often.
Ichabod likes her father's farm and her mother's food a lot.
He has very long arms and legs.
He looks like a crane.
Who does Katrina prefer?
Page 58, New York in the 1800s.
Mr. Fontassel writes a letter to his brother in Holland.
Read the letter and learn about New York in the 1800s.
Sleepy Hollow, October 28, 1820.
Dear Peter, here I am in Sleepy Hollow in the state of New York.
It is a very quiet place and it is full of farmers.
My farm is very big.
I have a lot of animals, vegetables and fruit trees but I must work very hard.
Every week I go to the city of New York to sell my products.
I sell apples, pears, pumpkins, vegetables, milk, butter, cheese and eggs.
I put them all on a boat and then go down the Hudson River to New York City.
The people there like good food from the country.
Of course I take the food to a big market because New York City is really big.
About 150,000 people live there.
Everyone moves about very quickly.
The streets are wide with many horse-drawn carriages.
I like looking at the big shops and tall buildings especially in the business area.
It is called Wall Street.
New York has an important harbor with many factories near it.
The ships in the harbor come from other American states or from Europe.
I am always surprised by the big number of immigrants from Ireland, Germany and other countries.
There are not many Indians on the streets but the ones you can see still wear their native dress.
I hope you can come to visit me soon and see this cosmopolitan city.
Your brother, Balthus.
Chapter 4. The Invitation
One autumn afternoon Ichabod is teaching at school.
A messenger brings him a letter.
It is an invitation to dinner at the Fontassel's house.
Ichabod is happy and excited.
His pupils are happy too because they finish school early.
He puts on his best clothes, an old dark suit.
Then he looks at himself in a broken mirror.
I want to be handsome for Katrina.
He thinks.
This is an important occasion for me.
Ichabod is staying at Van Ripper's farm this week.
So after school, Ichabod returns to the farm and asks Van Ripper.
Can I use your horse this evening?
Yes, you can use gunpowder.
He is old now and not very handsome. He has only one eye, but he is still a very good horse.
Says Van Ripper.
Thank you, Mr. Van Ripper.
Says Ichabod. He looks at gunpowder and thinks.
He is certainly an old horse, but he's better than nothing.
Then he looks carefully into gunpowder's only eye and thinks.
I see the devil in his eye. He is still a lively horse.
Ichabod and gunpowder look funny together.
Ichabod and his old suit and gunpowder with his one eye.
They leave Van Ripper's farm, cross the forest, and ride along the Hudson River.
Autumn is a beautiful season in Sleepy Hollow.
There are many different colors, green, red, yellow, orange, purple, and brown.
It is sunset and the sky is the color of gold.
Along the road Ichabod sees orange pumpkins and apple trees.
All he can think about are the delicious pies and cakes.
Ichabod finally arrives at the Ventassel's house.
All the farmers are there with their families.
They are wearing their best clothes. Everyone is talking and laughing.
It is a happy evening.
Braum is there too.
Everyone admires his horse, Daredevil.
Daredevil is a big black horse.
Only Braum can ride him because he is a dangerous animal.
Braum is very proud of Daredevil.
Ichabod is delighted when he sees the delicious food on the Ventassel's table.
His big eyes move from one dish to the next.
There are all kinds of cakes, sweet cakes, ginger cakes, and honey cakes.
There are also pies, meat, fish, chicken, vegetables, fruit, and lots of milk.
This is a royal banquet.
He thinks?
When I marry Katrina, I can have all this food, this beautiful home, and lots of money.
I can laugh at Van Ripper and his old horse. I can laugh at everyone.
Ichabod eats and drinks and is very happy.
I'm very happy.
Page 64, exercise two.
What does Katrina write to Ichabod?
Listen to the letter twice and fill in the gaps.
Dear Ichabod, there is a Halloween party tonight.
Please come to my house for dinner at 7.15 pm.
I am making a chocolate cake. My mother is preparing a fruit cake.
My grandmother is preparing a pumpkin pie.
After dinner, we can walk in the garden.
You can meet my five friends from New York.
At 9.30 pm, we can dance and sing.
Please wear your Halloween costume.
Your friend, Katrina.
Chapter 5, the ghost of Sleepy Hollow.
After dinner, a small orchestra plays music.
Ichabod dances with Katrina.
He says sweet things to her.
Katrina smiles at Ichabod and he smiles at her.
Braum isn't dancing. He is sitting in a corner.
He is watching Katrina and Ichabod. He is angry and jealous.
Ichabod is a good dancer, but I can't dance.
What can I do to win Katrina?
After the dance, everyone goes outside and sits under the trees.
They talk about the American Revolutionary War.
When I look at the river, I remember the battles between the British and the Americans.
I fought alone against the British with my small sword.
Says an old farmer.
A young farmer says.
When the British saw my new musket, they ran away.
We're all heroes of the American Revolutionary War.
Says another man.
They also talk about ghosts.
Raven Rock is haunted.
There's the ghost of a woman in white.
I always see her ghost before a storm.
She's scary.
Says a young woman.
When I pass by the big tree near the church, I hear terrible cries.
It's the ghost of Major Andre.
Says a boy.
The headless horseman is the most horrible. He gallops on his big black horse and follows you.
Sometimes he takes you away.
When there is a full moon, you can see him clearly.
Says a tall man.
Ichabod listens to these stories and believes them.
Soon the farmers and their families start going home.
Ichabod wants to stay and talk to Katrina.
This is the right moment. I must ask Katrina to marry me.
He thinks.
No one knows what happens between Katrina and Ichabod,
but he is very sad when he leaves the Fantasal house.
Does Katrina prefer brom?
Ichabod gets on gunpowder and starts riding to Van Ripper's farm.
It is a very dark night.
Clouds cover the stars.
Ichabod thinks about the ghosts of sleepy hollow.
He hears a strange noise in the forest.
Is it the voice of a ghost?
Or is the wind?
Something is moving in the sky.
Is it a witch?
Is it the ghost of the woman in white?
What a mysterious night.
Ichabod thinks.
He is lonely and sad.
He rides very quickly.
He comes to a brook with a small bridge.
It is very difficult to cross the bridge.
On the other side of the brook, Ichabod sees some enormous trees.
It is dark and he is afraid.
Major Andrei's ghost lives here.
He thinks.
I must cross this bridge quickly.
Ichabod kicks gunpowder and says,
Come on gunpowder, cross the bridge quickly.
But the old horse does not move.
Ichabod kicks gunpowder again and again.
Finally the horse moves, but then he stops suddenly.
Ichabod nearly falls off.
He is very nervous.
What is happening to me tonight?
He thinks.
Then he hears a strange sound on the other side of the brook.
In the shadow of the trees, he sees something big and black.
Oh no, something is waiting for me.
It isn't moving.
It is waiting for me.
I cannot go back.
What must I do?
His heart is beating fast.
His hair is standing up.
His mouth is dry and his hands are very cold.
Who are you?
Ichabod asks.
There is no answer.
Who are you?
He asks again.
His teeth are chattering.
There is still no answer.
Ichabod closes his eyes and starts singing a church song.
At that moment, the big black thing moves again.
It jumps out into the road and Ichabod opens his eyes.
The night is dark, but he can see a horseman on a big black horse.
Chapter 6, the night ride.
Ichabod forces the horse to gallop.
The horseman follows him.
Ichabod thinks about the horrible stories of the headless horseman.
Gunpowder gallops fast, but the horseman gallops fast too.
Ichabod wants to sing a church song, but his mouth is dry.
They gallop up a hill.
Against the night sky, Ichabod sees the horseman.
He is headless.
He is carrying his head on his saddle.
Ichabod is terrified.
He hits gunpowder again and again.
He wants the old horse to gallop fast.
But the headless horseman follows him with his big black horse.
The road to Van Ripper's farm is on the left, but gunpowder turns right.
This road goes to the church bridge and the church cemetery.
Ichabod and gunpowder gallop down the hill.
Suddenly, Ichabod's saddle falls off, but the horse does not stop.
Oh no.
Think, Ichabod?
That is Van Ripper's best saddle.
Ichabod clasps gunpowder's neck.
He tries to stay on the horse.
The headless horseman is behind him.
Ichabod is very scared.
His teeth are chattering.
The church bridge is near here.
He thinks.
Ghosts usually disappear after the church bridge.
I must cross the bridge.
Then I'm safe.
Ichabod and gunpowder gallop across the church bridge.
Ichabod looks back, and the headless horseman is still there.
He has a big round object in his hands.
He throws it at Ichabod.
It's his head!
Crys Ichabod.
The big head hits Ichabod, and there is a loud thud.
Ichabod falls to the ground and gunpowder gallops away.
The next morning, gunpowder arrives at Van Ripper's farm,
but Ichabod isn't there for breakfast.
Ichabod isn't at school.
And he isn't there for breakfast.
Ichabod isn't there for breakfast.
Ichabod isn't at school.
And he isn't at Van Ripper's farm.
Where is Ichabod?
Ask Van Ripper.
And where is my best saddle?
Van Ripper and his friends look for Ichabod everywhere.
They find the saddle on the road near the church.
They find Ichabod's hat and a broken pumpkin near the river.
But they can't find Ichabod's body.
Ichabod is a headless horseman.
Poor Ichabod Crane.
Says Van Ripper.
Yes, it's the headless horseman.
Oh, poor Ichabod!
Say his friends.
Years later, an old farmer returning from New York says to the people of Sleepy Hollow.
Ichabod Crane is alive and well.
Now he is a congressman.
He left Sleepy Hollow because Katrina wanted to marry brom bones.
Hearing this asks her husband brom.
What do you know about Ichabod Crane in the pumpkin?
Brom laughs loudly.
At Sleepy Hollow, people say that only brom knows the true story of Ichabod Crane and the headless horseman.
It is brom's secret.
Now, on winter evenings, the old women tell the terrible story of Ichabod Crane
and the headless horseman.
You